672 add reinstate references service (#7515)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: docs/support_playbook.md

end
```

### Reinstate a reference

> When an application endup in an unsuccessful state we change the outstanding

Reviewer: endup -> ends up

> When an application endup in an unsuccessful state we change the outstanding
> references to "cancelled".
> 
> If we need to reinstate a reference we have a service called
> ReinstateReference which will revert the reference from 'cancelled' to
> 'feedback_request' and will send an email to the referee as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an application ends up in an unsuccessful state we change the outstanding
references to "cancelled".

If we need to reinstate a reference we have a service called
ReinstateReference which will revert the reference from 'cancelled' to
'feedback_request' and will send an email to the referee.
```

Lil wording change.

> ### Reinstate a reference
> 
> When an application endup in an unsuccessful state we change the outstanding
> references to "cancelled".
> 
> If we need to reinstate a reference we have a service called
> ReinstateReference which will revert the reference from 'cancelled' to
> 'feedback_request' and will send an email to the referee as well.
> 
> ```
>   ReinstateReference.new(reference, audit_comment: 'zen-desk ticket url').call
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Reinstate a reference

When an application ends up in an unsuccessful state we change the outstanding
references to "cancelled".

If we need to reinstate a reference we have a service called
ReinstateReference which will revert the reference from 'cancelled' to
'feedback_request' and will send an email to the referee.

```
  ReinstateReference.new(reference, audit_comment: 'zen-desk ticket url').call
```
```

Reviewer 2: Just a lil wording change
